# CS-320
My coursework for the CS-320 Software Test, Automation QA course at SNHU.

# Journal
1. How can I ensure that my code, program, or software is functional and secure?
- This course emphasized the importance of continuous testing and ensuring that all requirements were properly included in a project. Automated testing provides quick feedback and ensures consistency even after making changes to the project. Running tests after making changes and using the results to inform development kept the software functional and secure by validating it, reducing the need to return to the development process later to implement fixes. Instead of saving all testing for the end of the development cycle and handling any issues afterward, the ability to quickly adapt or change the code to address them while development was ongoing made the process simpler. While automated tests can still miss errors or issues, they help developers know that their software is not causing unexpected errors and that its main functionality and security are met by passing these tests. Thus, going forward, using automated testing to validate the project's main requirements is essential, along with continuing to use the testing process to validate other aspects of the project, such as security and performance.
2. How do I interpret user needs and incorporate them into a program?
- As mentioned, this course highlighted the importance of viewing the client's requirements, as they represent the client's main desires for the project. Gathering and interpreting these requirements into usable information by defining them as the various functions and features that need to be added to a project makes the development process more straightforward. Additionally, this course has shown how requirements can positively influence the testing process by serving as the criteria that must be utilized and addressed during testing. Having guidelines for the development and testing process that are directly created and defined by the client makes it far more likely that the final product will suit the client's needs and desires, so long as these requirements are properly met within the project. This course emphasized the importance of requirements, as they define the features and functionality the client wants in the project for it to be considered successful.
3. How do I approach designing software?
- Completing this course has improved my approach to software design by revolutionizing testing. Focus for testing has now shifted to validating the features and functionality defined in the client's requirements. While this was originally performed, the change is to use the requirements to define the tests, determine what to look for during the tests, and determine how to consider the test successful. Putting more time and effort into the testing process has already improved various coding projects by allowing greater focus on validating the work already done, helping make the code foundations more stable before moving on to other features. In the future, while the development process approach will largely remain the same, the increased time and effort spent on testing will ensure that all the project's code is properly vetted, preventing technical debt or issues from building as the project's complexity increases.	

